# packages in environment at /cil/shed/apps/external/seQuoia/ont_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       0_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.1.5             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.34                 h53a641e_5    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.34                hc952b39_20    conda-forge
biopython                 1.76             py36h516909a_0    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_7    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.6.20            hecda079_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hcf35c78_1003    conda-forge
canu                      1.4                  pl5.22.0_2    bioconda
certifi                   2020.6.20        py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cmake                     3.17.0               h28c56e5_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.69.1               h33f0ec9_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
eigen                     3.2                           3    bioconda
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
filtlong                  0.2.0                he941832_2    bioconda
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.2               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.5.0                hd420e75_6    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.5.0               h09487f9_20    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         7.5.0               h09487f9_20    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.65.0               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
gnuplot                   4.6.0                         1    bioconda
graphite2                 1.3.13            he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  h294904e_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.5.0               h09487f9_20    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h9f30f68_3    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.2               hc401514_3    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
joypy                     0.2.2                      py_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h516909a_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py36hdb11119_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_1    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.11                 hbd6801e_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.34                 h53a641e_5    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hde54327_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.69.1               hf7181ac_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.0                  h14c3975_1    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h46ee950_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgfortran               3.0.0                         1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                he513fc3_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h5ec1e0e_6    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc7e4089_6    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libuv                     1.38.0               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h516909a_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.10.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               8.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.2.2                         0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.2            py36hb8e4980_0    conda-forge
minimap2                  2.12                 ha92aebf_0    bioconda
nanoget                   1.13.2                     py_0    bioconda
nanomath                  0.23.3                     py_0    bioconda
nanoplot                  1.18.2                   py36_1    bioconda
nanoplotter               1.10.0                     py_1    bioconda
nanopolish                0.10.2               h78a5b34_0    bioconda
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
nspr                      4.25                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 he751ad9_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.5           py36h7314795_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.1            h600c080_1018    conda-forge
openmp                    8.0.1                         0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h516909a_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.5            py36h830a2c2_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h7062337_4    conda-forge
parallel                  20170422             pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pauvre                    0.1.86                     py_1    bioconda
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.35                h2f06484_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.22.0.1                      0    conda-forge
perl-filesys-df           0.92                          1    bioconda
perl-threaded             5.26.0                        0    bioconda
pip                       20.1.1                     py_1    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
plotly                    4.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
porechop                  0.2.3_seqan2.1.1  py36h2d50403_3    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py36haa643ae_3    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pysam                     0.15.3           py36hda2845c_1    bioconda
python                    3.6.10          h8356626_1011_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.8             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.1                h95c6c4b_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.4.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.0.2             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.12.8            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.25            r40h0357c0b_2    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.1             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.1             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.0.3             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.7               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r40_2    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.1             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.2             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.2.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.6          r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_18            r40h7fa42b6_3    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_31            r40h7fa42b6_1    conda-forge
r-minionqc                1.4.2                     r40_0    bioconda
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_148           r40h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.6             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.4             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.8             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.1.0             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r40h6115d3f_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.2             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.3             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.4.6           r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r40h0357c0b_1004    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.6             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.11              r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.6             r40h0e574ca_2    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-testthat                2.3.2             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.0.1             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r40hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.1             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.5.1           r40h6115d3f_1004    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.2.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
rhash                     1.3.6             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
scipy                     1.4.1            py36h2d22cac_3    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.10.1                        1    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.10.1                     py_1    conda-forge
sed                       4.7               h1bed415_1000    conda-forge
setuptools                47.3.1           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.11.1           py36h8c4c3a4_2    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h555a92e_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h516909a_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h6597ccf_3    conda-forge
