# packages in environment at /cil/shed/apps/external/seQuoia/StrainGE/StrainGE_env:
#
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                      1_llvm    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4                     <pip>
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py36h8c4c3a4_1000    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_7    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.6.20            hecda079_0    conda-forge
cachecontrol              0.12.6                     py_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.6.20        py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py36hd463f26_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py36h9f0ad1d_1006    conda-forge
cryptography              2.9.2            py36h45558ae_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.71.0               he644dc0_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.20          py36h831f99a_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.2               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
glib                      2.65.0               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py36hecadee3_103    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_h3c11f04_100    conda-forge
hdmedians                 0.13            py36h785e9b2_1002    conda-forge
htslib                    1.9                  h4da6232_3    bioconda
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.7.0            py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.7.0                         0    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.0.2                     <pip>
ipython                   7.16.1           py36h95af2a2_0    conda-forge
ipython-genutils          0.2.0                     <pip>
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.1           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
joblib                    0.15.1                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h516909a_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py36hdb11119_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.34                 h53a641e_5    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hde54327_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.0               hcdd3856_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.6                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h46ee950_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                he513fc3_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.10               h5ec1e0e_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.10.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
lockfile                  0.12.2                     py_1    conda-forge
lockfile                  0.12.2                    <pip>
matplotlib                3.2.2                         0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.2            py36hb8e4980_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.0            py36hdb11119_1    conda-forge
natsort                   7.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
ncbi-genome-download      0.3.0                     <pip>
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
nspr                      4.26                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 he751ad9_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.5           py36h7314795_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h516909a_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.5            py36h830a2c2_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
pip                       20.1.1                     py_1    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1           py36h9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.9.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pybind11                  2.5.0            py36hdb11119_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py36haa643ae_3    conda-forge
pysam                     0.16.0.1         py36h71d3148_0    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pytest                    5.4.3            py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
python                    3.6.10          h8356626_1011_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyvcf                     0.6.8                    py36_0    bioconda
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.9                 h10a08f8_12    bioconda
scikit-bio                0.5.6            py36h785e9b2_2    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.23.1           py36h0e1014b_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.5.0            py36h2d22cac_0    conda-forge
setuptools                47.3.1           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.2.2                     <pip>
sqlite                    3.32.3               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
strainge                  0.1+186.gf2bd93c           <pip>
threadpoolctl             2.1.0              pyh5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.9                     py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
