# packages in environment at /cil/shed/apps/external/seQuoia/main_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       0_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.1.5             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.27.1               he860b03_3    bioconda
biopython                 1.70                np112py36_1    bioconda
blas                      1.1                    openblas    conda-forge
blast                     2.9.0           pl526he19e7b1_5    bioconda
bowtie2                   2.4.1            py36h7f0b59b_2    bioconda
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_7    bioconda
bz2file                   0.98                       py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.6.20            hecda079_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hcf35c78_1003    conda-forge
centrifuge                1.0.4_beta      py36pl526he941832_2    bioconda
certifi                   2020.6.20        py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
clustalw                  2.1                  hc9558a2_5    bioconda
curl                      7.71.0               he644dc0_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  1.18             py36h14c3975_1    bioconda
entrez-direct             13.3            pl526h375a9b1_0    bioconda
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
fastq-pair                1.0                  hf484d3e_0    bioconda
fastqc                    0.11.8                        2    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
fqtools                   2.0                  hc0aa232_5    bioconda
freebayes                 1.3.2            py36h89e4507_1    bioconda
freetype                  2.10.2               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.65.0               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.42.3               h0511662_0    conda-forge
h5py                      2.7.1                    py36_3    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h9f30f68_3    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.1                        2    conda-forge
htslib                    1.9                  h4da6232_3    bioconda
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h516909a_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_1    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.11                 hbd6801e_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.34                 h53a641e_5    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.0               hcdd3856_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.1.26                        0    bioconda
libdeflate                1.2                  h516909a_1    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h46ee950_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgd                     2.2.5             h307a58e_1007    conda-forge
libgfortran               3.0.0                         1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc3755c2_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h56121f0_5    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h31b3aaa_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
miniasm                   0.3_r179             ha92aebf_0    bioconda
mlst                      2.15.1                        0    bioconda
mmtf-python               1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.0            py36hdb11119_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
numpy                     1.12.1          py36_blas_openblash1522bff_1001  [blas_openblas]  conda-forge
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
openblas                  0.3.3             h9ac9557_1001    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.1            h600c080_1018    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h516909a_0    conda-forge
paml                      4.9                  h516909a_5    bioconda
pandas                    0.24.2           py36hf484d3e_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h7062337_4    conda-forge
parallel                  20160622                      1    bioconda
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
perl-aceperl              1.92                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-algorithm-diff       1.1903                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-algorithm-munkres    0.08                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-apache-test          1.40                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7044                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-appconfig            1.71                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-archive-tar          2.32                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-array-compare        3.0.1                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-autoloader           5.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-asn1-entrezgene  1.73                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-coordinate       1.007001                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-featureio        1.6.905                 pl526_2    bioconda
perl-bio-phylo            0.58                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-bio-samtools         1.43            pl526h1341992_1    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-phylo-paml 1.7.3                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-clustalw 1.7.4                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-tcoffee 1.7.4                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.7.2                  pl526_11    bioconda
perl-bioperl-core         1.007002                pl526_2    bioconda
perl-bioperl-run          1.007002                pl526_4    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.004                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20140910.003            pl526_0    bioconda
perl-cache-cache          1.08                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-capture-tiny         0.48                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-cgi                  4.44            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-class-data-inheritable 0.08                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-class-inspector      1.34                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-class-load           0.25                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-class-load-xs        0.10            pl526h6bb024c_2    bioconda
perl-class-method-modifiers 2.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-clone                0.42            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.087           pl526he1b5a44_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.087           pl526hc9558a2_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-convert-binary-c     0.78            pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-convert-binhex       1.125                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-crypt-rc4            2.02                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.173                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-data-optlist         0.110                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-data-stag            0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-date-format          2.30                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-db-file              1.852           pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-dbd-sqlite           1.64            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-dbi                  1.642                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-globaldestruction 0.14                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-overloadinfo   0.005                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-hmac          1.03                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.55                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-perl-md5      1.9                     pl526_1    bioconda
perl-digest-sha1          2.13            pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-dist-checkconflicts  0.11                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-dynaloader           1.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-email-date-format    1.005                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05                    pl526_6    bioconda
perl-error                0.17027                 pl526_1    bioconda
perl-eval-closure         0.14            pl526h6bb024c_4    bioconda
perl-exception-class      1.44                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-listing         6.04                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-slurp-tiny      0.004                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-sort            1.01                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-file-which           1.23                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-font-afm             1.20                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-font-ttf             1.06                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.71            pl526he860b03_0    bioconda
perl-getopt-long          2.50                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-graph                0.9704                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-graphviz             2.24            pl526h734ff71_0    bioconda
perl-html-element-extended 1.18                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-entities-numbered 0.04                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-formatter       2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.72            pl526h6bb024c_5    bioconda
perl-html-tableextract    2.13                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-html-tidy            1.60                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-treebuilder-xpath 0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.01                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.18                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-image-info           1.38                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-image-size           3.300                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.087           pl526he1b5a44_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.001                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-io-sessiondata       1.03                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.066                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-io-string            1.08                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-io-stringy           2.111                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-tty               1.12                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.10                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-ipc-run              20180523.0              pl526_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-sharelite        0.17            pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-jcode                2.07                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-json                 4.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-lib                  0.63                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-libxml-perl          0.08                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.428                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-protocol-https   6.07                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-lwp-simple           6.15            pl526h470a237_4    bioconda
perl-mailtools            2.21                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl526h14c3975_5    bioconda
perl-math-derivative      1.01                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-random          0.72            pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-math-spline          0.02                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.15                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-lite            3.030                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-tools           5.508                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-types           2.17                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-mldbm                2.05                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-implementation 0.09                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-runtime-conflicts 0.003                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-moo                  2.003004                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-moose                2.2011          pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-mozilla-ca           20180117                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mro-compat           0.13                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-net-http             6.19                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.88            pl526h90d6eec_0    bioconda
perl-ntlm                 1.09                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-ole-storage_lite     0.19                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-package-deprecationmanager 0.17                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-package-stash        0.38            pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash-xs     0.28            pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-params-util          1.07            pl526h6bb024c_4    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-parse-recdescent     1.967015                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-pdf-api2             2.035                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-pod-escapes          1.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-pod-usage            1.69                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-postscript           0.06                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-role-tiny            2.000008                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.52            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-set-scalar           1.29                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-soap-lite            1.19                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sort-naturally       1.03                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-spreadsheet-parseexcel 0.65                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-spreadsheet-writeexcel 2.40                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-statistics-descriptive 3.0702                  pl526_0    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter         0.987                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter-progressive 0.001013                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-sub-identify         0.14            pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-sub-install          0.928                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-sub-name             0.21                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sub-quote            2.006003                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sub-uplevel          0.2800          pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-svg                  2.84                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-svg-graph            0.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-task-weaken          1.06                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-template-toolkit     2.26                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test                 1.26                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test-deep            1.128                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test-differences     0.67                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-exception       0.43                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-test-harness         3.42                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-leaktrace       0.16            pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-test-most            0.35                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-requiresinternet 0.05                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-warn            0.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-text-diff            1.45                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-threaded             5.26.0                        0    bioconda
perl-tie-ixhash           1.23                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-time-hires           1.9760          pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.28                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-tree-dag_node        1.31                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-type-tiny            1.004004                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.0                     pl526_2    bioconda
perl-unicode-map          0.112           pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-uri                  1.76                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-dom              1.46                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-dom-xpath        0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-filter-buffertext 1.01                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-libxml           2.0132          pl526h7ec2d77_1    bioconda
perl-xml-libxslt          1.94                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44            pl526h4e0c4b3_7    bioconda
perl-xml-regexp           0.04                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-sax              1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-writer       0.57                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-simple           2.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-twig             3.52                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-writer           0.625                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-xpath            1.44                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-xpathengine      0.14                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.29                    pl526_0    bioconda
picard                    2.18.17                       0    bioconda
pigz                      2.3.4                hed695b0_1    conda-forge
pillow                    7.1.2            py36h8328e55_0    conda-forge
pilon                     1.23                          2    bioconda
pip                       20.1.1                     py_1    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
python                    3.6.10          h8356626_1011_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
racon                     1.4.13               he513fc3_0    bioconda
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
reportlab                 3.5.42           py36hcce1d1f_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.9                 h10a08f8_12    bioconda
seqtk                     1.3                  hed695b0_2    bioconda
sequoia                   0.1                       dev_0    <develop>
setuptools                47.3.1           py36h9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sortmerna                 2.1b                 he860b03_4    bioconda
spades                    3.13.0                        0    bioconda
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
t_coffee                  11.0.8           py36hea885bf_8    bioconda
tbb                       2020.1               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
tidyp                     1.04                          1    bioconda
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
trim-galore               0.6.5                         0    bioconda
trimmomatic               0.38                          1    bioconda
unicycler                 0.4.6            py36hdbcaa40_0    bioconda
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                1.2.9              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
xopen                     0.7.3                      py_0    bioconda
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h516909a_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.13               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h6597ccf_3    conda-forge
